If you're struggling with burnout, this
coaching session is going to talk to you
directly.
>> I understand that majority of this
burnout came because of uh I proving
myself
>> Yeah.
>> Uh to an authoritative figure,
>> right? So, you're playing a game you
can't win
with a boss. No wonder you burn out. In
this coaching video, we explore this
man's struggle with burnout and we
discover the thing that underlies all of
it, which makes him try to prove
himself. Uh I got burned out three to
four times by this time in my life.
>> Yeah.
>> And this time it's like um I had quit my
job. It's almost like 6 months.
>> Okay.
>> Um
>> is your job is your is your job behind a
computer like engineering or something?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yes.
>> Cool.
>> So I'm an AI engineer basically.
>> A what engineer?
>> Uh AI engineer. Artificial intellig.
>> Okay. Cool.
So uh I understand that majority of this
burnout came because of uh I proving
myself
>> Yeah.
>> Uh to an authoritative figure.
>> Um so whenever it is a male manager
uh I can see this kind of a p pattern.
>> Yeah.
>> That
>> so then what's the question? If you
know, if you know that you're burning
out because you're trying to prove
yourself and you're putting too much
pressure on yourself and then you're
under constant attack and your adrenals
get fatigued and you burn out. What's
the question?
>> Yeah.
>> Uh why exactly I'm trying to prove them
and uh why I'm not able to trust myself.
>> Yeah.
>> So uh in one of the
>> That's a Wait, that's enough. That's a
good one. What makes it that you can't
>> What makes you that What makes it that
you're trying to
prove yourself to them? So, let me ask
this question. How many of those bosses
did you feel
were better than you? And how many of
those bosses did you feel like you were
better than them?
Um
it's like direct answer uh is basically
I always tell them they have a more
power than me.
>> Not power better better like they are
better human being or you're a better
human being.
>> I feel they are better human.
>> You felt like they are better human
being.
uh so when when you say better uh maybe
when it comes to emotional aspects and
those are I feel I'm open they are
closed and rigid and I need to win
>> okay so on one level you feel like
they're better on one level you feel
like you're better
>> gotcha and what if you couldn't feel one
was better or one was worse and neither
neither you nor them were better or
worse what would be what would change if
anything.
>> Uh maybe I feel that there's no game and
purposess or meaning to it. Something
like
>> you would feel like there was no game.
Is that what you said?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Cool. What's the game?
>> Um to be seen.
>> Oh, that's Wow. Look at you. Look at
you. You you
look at you.
>> Yeah.
>> So, is that the game we're playing right
now?
>> Uh, not exactly.
>> What makes it not the game we're
playing?
>> Maybe I have told that like I want to be
seen.
>> Cool. I'll see you. I see that you've
done a lot of introspective work.
>> Yeah.
>> I see that you're incredibly smart.
>> I see that you
>> I thought you said you wanted to be
seen.
>> You letting that in. You Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> All the time I was
>> Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Hold
on a second. We're almost there.
What? I'm seeing you. You're not letting
yourself be seen. But yet the game is to
be seen.
>> I see that you're introspective.
>> Yeah.
>> That you've done a lot of selfwork.
>> Yeah. So, how how much did you let that
in?
>> It's just superficial. I'm not able to
like feel it.
>> That's right. So, what's up? The game is
I want to be seen, but I'm not going to
let you see me. I'm not going to feel it
if you see me.
>> You You got me there. Yeah.
>> Right. So, you're playing a game you
can't win
with a boss. No wonder you burn out.
>> Yeah.
>> Your boss gives you a compliment. You
don't let it in.
What do you think of the chances that
your boss wants to give you another
compliment?
>> Maybe
near to zero.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Especially after the 10th one or
something, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And then you can be like, see, he
doesn't see me. I have to work for it.
It's this crazy game you're playing.
>> Yeah.
>> Exactly.
>> So, let's think about the last boss.
Mhm.
>> How many times did you not allow him to
see you?
>> Uh, initially I had given him a lot of
chances at see me and etc. Maybe he's um
too busy or
>> Yeah, I did.
>> But I I just saw you. You didn't let me.
>> Yeah.
But him you did.
>> Yes, I I definitely know that I had done
that. And um
maybe with the last manager, I had a
really bad experience. I closed, I shut
down and I get into this freeze mode
completely.
>> Yeah.
So
if I can go into my head for like 30
seconds. Is it okay?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> So uh I have been lately listening to
all your podcasts uh especially the
master series and uh decision making.
>> Yeah. So uh all those examples that you
had given right one thing I uh get from
those examples is basically
I am u in intellectualizing the things
and want to help people let's say for
example any story you mention I just
want to go and tell to my friends or any
anyone that this is the experience this
is how it works but when it comes to me
uh I don't think I'm feeling Okay.
>> Gotcha.
>> So here at the head level,
>> right? You're not feeling me seeing you.
>> Yeah.
>> You're not feeling
right.
What do you think that relates to the
burnout?
>> So you're not you're not allowing
yourself to be seen and you're not
feeling it. How do you think that
relates to your burnout?
Um maybe I'm playing maybe I'm uh
putting for my
>> Now now let's ask your body.
>> Yeah.
>> Nope. Body.
>> Can Can you repeat the questions?
>> What does the not feeling how does not
feeling relate to your burnout?
Hey. Oh, come on. Here we wait. Nope.
Yep. Yep. Yep.
Body. Put your Put your attention in
your feet.
And what does your body have to say?
Yeah. There you go.
It's like you're not putting enough
word or
You're not in us.
>> Yeah, that's that's the cause of the
burnout.
You're not enough. So, let's use that
mind. Let's put the mind to work in a
great way. Prove to me you're not
enough.
No, I don't have an answer for that.
>> Yeah, you felt that too, didn't you?
>> Yes, I did.
>> Yeah.
>> So, use your mind to deconstruct your
mind. That's the best use for your mind
right now.
>> Yeah.
>> And as soon as it does, the emotions can
be felt. Right.
>> Okay. So, I'm going to compliment you.
You're going to tell me what your mind
says, and then you're going to
deconstruct the mind.
>> Okay. That's the steps we're going to
take.
>> Yeah. I really am enjoying our
conversation and I I [__] love the
way your mind works.
>> Thank you so much. No one had said that.
>> You're actually letting it in.
>> Yeah. So, normally if I give you a
compliment like this, like we're kind of
pass it, but normally, and tomorrow this
might happen, what would you say? What
would you what would your mind say to
not feel that?
[Music]
>> I'll immediately say something good
about you,
>> right? You'd say something good about me
and to to yourself, you would say, "He
doesn't even know me." What What would
you say to dismiss the thought?
Um I would I would simply say that I
haven't proven anything to get this
compliment.
>> Great. Now let's use your mind to
deconstruct it.
>> I don't need to prove to have a get a
comp.
>> Exactly.
Look at there you are feeling it again.
>> Yes.
>> Right. So you what you're doing is
you're using this brilliant mind of
yours to try to figure out
yourself.
>> Yes.
>> Pivot that to using that brilliant mind
of yours to deconstruct your mind
so that you can know yourself.
>> Right.
>> I can feel a lot of tension getting out
of my body.
>> Yeah.
>> I can feel that little shakiness.
And
one one last question I have for you is
basically
>> wait before your question that shakiness
just do me a favor and just say I'm
excited 10 times.
>> I'm really really excited now. I'm
excited now. I'm excited now. I'm really
really excited now.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm excited. I'm excited now. I'm
excited.
>> Great.
>> I'm really excited.
Yeah.
>> So one one final uh thought is basically
uh I I never got this compliment that I
had worked on myself a lot understanding
and other stuff. So I have great ideas
that I can help people and educate
people on these aspects.
>> Yeah.
>> But I'm not able to like create. I'm
able to like consume a lot and work on
myself and not able to create in general
anything on my own.
>> Okay.
>> Let's say I have been an overachiever
and I had aced all the exams and all
this stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> But when is when it comes to creation
aspect,
>> it's like procrastination, perfection
and all this.
>> Yeah. What does it first of all, what
does it matter?
So, you're a synthesizer instead of a
creator. It still benefits people.
What's the problem?
>> Uh, I'm not put putting forward for the
people.
>> It's like I'm writing the book and
keeping it to myself.
>> Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay.
Yeah. So, for 25 years, I wrote the I
read the book and I kept it to myself. I
did personal inner work. I sat in a room
for seven years meditating,
>> right?
>> I didn't share [__]
>> Okay.
>> What would you have said to me?
>> What is that?
>> What would you have said to me if I
asked you that question when I was doing
that?
[Music]
>> I think it's a great
You need to basically put it out to the
world.
>> Yeah.
But I am now.
>> Yes, you are.
>> Yeah, but I wasn't then.
>> Right.
>> As a matter of fact, I'm really proud of
that fact.
>> I'm proud I'm proud of that fact because
if I was doing this
15 years ago, I would have taken it
personally. I would have thought I was
special.
>> Yeah.
>> I would have gotten lost in the
attention and the adoration
rather than seeing this for what it is
or more clearly for what it is.
>> I can literally feel uh from the gut and
the whole body
the energy is like liberating.
your feeling.
>> Yeah.
>> I think maybe all these years I didn't I
didn't feel at all.
>> You weren't you were feeling the whole
time you were just pushing it down.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Enjoy that. En enjoy that. It's so
lovely.
Yeah,
>> if you found this coaching video helpful
and you want to experience it yourself
or participate in a live coaching event,
just go here or click the link below.
I'd love to see you there.